[Nexthop][fboss2-dev] Restore and update config command documentation (#1439)
facebook/fboss: docs/docs/debugging/fboss_cli.md

The FBOSS2 CLI (`fboss2`) is a command-line tool for interacting with and managing FBOSS switches. It provides comprehensive visibility into the switch's operational state, configuration, and various subsystems.

There are two flavors of the binary:

- **fboss2**: Provides the ability to inspect the state of the switch through `show`, `clear`, and other operational commands.

> - **fboss2-dev**: Includes everything in `fboss2` plus `config` (and related `delete`) subcommands for managing the switch configuration locally. These configuration commands are kept in a separate binary for now because they are not yet wanted in the main production `fboss2` binary; this may change in the future. See [Config Commands](#config-fboss2-dev-only) below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **fboss2-dev**: Includes everything in `fboss2` plus `config` (and related `delete`) subcommands for managing the switch configuration locally. These configuration commands are kept in a separate binary to give operators more control over how they choose to introduce and manage configuration changes on the switch; this may change in the future. See [Config Commands](#config-fboss2-dev-only) below.
```

3. **Multiple services**: A session can stage changes to the configuration of multiple FBOSS services. Today that means the agent config (`agent.conf`) and the BGP daemon config (`bgpcpp.conf`). More services (e.g. `qsfp_service`) may be managed the same way in the future.

4. **Rebase**: Use `fboss2-dev config session rebase` to reapply uncommitted session changes on top of the current startup config, similar to `git rebase`. This is useful if the startup config has changed since the session was started (e.g., another user committed a change).

5. **Rollback**: Since the configuration is stored in a local Git repository, you can roll back to a previous configuration with `fboss2-dev config rollback`.

### Session Workflow

```bash
# Stage configuration changes (no side effects yet)
fboss2-dev config interface eth1/1/1 description "Peer link to device XYZ"
fboss2-dev config interface eth1/1/1 eth1/1/2 mtu 9000

# Review pending changes

> fboss2-dev config session diff

Reviewer 2: can we maybe add the output expected when we execute the command? could help for commit and diff

Author: Done.

### Config Subcommands

| Subcommand | Description |
|------------|-------------|
| `acl` | Configure ACL tables and rules |
| `applied-info` | Show config applied information |
| `arp` | Configure ARP settings |
| `copp` | Configure CoPP (control-plane policing) settings |
| `dhcp` | Configure DHCP relay settings |
| `history` | Show history of committed config revisions |
| `interface` | Configure interface settings (MTU, description, switchport, IPv6 NDP, PFC, queuing policy, ...) |
| `l2` | Configure L2 settings (learning mode) |
| `load-balancing` | Configure ECMP/LAG hashing |
| `mac` | Configure MAC settings (aging time) |
| `protocol` | Configure routing protocols (BGP, static routes) |
| `ptp` | Configure PTP settings |
| `qos` | Configure QoS policies, buffer pools, and queuing policies |
| `reload` | Reload agent configuration from the startup config |
| `rollback` | Roll back to a previous config revision |
| `session` | Manage the config session (`clear`, `commit`, `diff`, `rebase`) |
| `switch` | Configure switch-level settings (hostname, admin distance) |
| `tunnel` | Configure IP-in-IP tunnels |
| `vlan` | Configure VLAN settings |

> Most `config` subcommands have a matching `delete` counterpart to remove or reset the corresponding piece of configuration (e.g. `fboss2-dev delete protocol static ip route ...`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most `config` subcommands have a matching `delete` counterpart to remove or reset the corresponding piece of configuration (e.g. `fboss2-dev delete protocol static ip route ...`).  Note, that not all configuration parameters can be individually deleted.  Modification of leaf parameters may require deleting the parent object and re-configuring with the desired parameter modified or deleted appropriately.
```
